#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
audioread==2.1.9
    # via librosa
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==2.1.0
    # via requests
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
flatbuffers==22.9.24
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.34.4
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.12.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.49.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.4
    # via
    #   markdown
    #   numba
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
keras==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
librosa==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.39.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via sympy
numba==0.56.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnx
    #   onnx2keras
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
onnx==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnx2keras
onnx2keras==0.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in
onnxruntime==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pooch
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pooch==1.6.0
    # via librosa
protobuf==3.9.2
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
resampy==0.3.1
    # via librosa
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via librosa
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   onnx
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
soundfile==0.10.3.post1
    # via librosa
sympy==1.11.1
    # via onnxruntime
tensorboard==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnx2keras
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
torchaudio==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   onnx
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
